{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The EyeLink Software distribution for Mac OS X contains the following:\
1. Eyelink core libraries and required support libraries\
	i. eyelink_core framework\
	ii. eyelink_core_graphics framework \
	iii. support libraries for eyelink_core_graphics(sdl, and SDL support libraries)\
	iv. Eyelink Programmers Guide.\

\b Note: 
\b0 The standard installation will 
\b overwrite
\b0  any SDL libraries that you may alredy have installed. If you do not wish to have the SDL files installed please use 
\b custom installation
\b0  and un-select SDL Support Libraries.\
\
2. Sample Experiments\
	i. Examples using SDL as the graphics platform\
	ii. sdl_util (a library to perform gaze contingent cursor and text display.)\
\
3. EDF Access API\
	i. edfapi framework\
	ii. C, C++, Java EDF Access API and edf2asc as the example\
	iii. EDF Converter\
	iv. edfapi documentation\
\
Minimum Requirements\
	i. Operating System: Mac OS X(10.3.9 or later)\
	ii. CPU: 1 Ghz intel or ppc\
	\
Note:\
	i.  All Mac OS X binaries are universal binary.\
	ii. edf2asc and EDF Converter applications for Mac OS9 also provided.\
	iii. For all eyelinkapi packages, you can install the package any where, however, we suggest you install in the root (/) folder or in your home folder. If you choose other place to install, you may have to setup the framework search paths.\
	iv. If you are upgrading from a previous version, you may need to be an administrator.\
	v. If you are upgrading from a previous version, it is recommended that you uninstall the previous version. Install files list can be gathered by:\
		lsbom -f /Library/Receipts/edfapi.pkg/Contents/Archive.bom /Library/Receipts/eyelinkdisplay.pkg/Contents/Archive.bom /Library/Receipts/eyelinkdispsamples.pkg/Contents/Archive.bom /Library/Receipts/sdlsupport.pkg/Contents/Archive.bom}